Lu Ming
It turns out that you are really looking for Fang Shiyi. Wow.
How did you meet each other?
Uncle Li, don't you know?
Know what?
Lu Ming is actually Li Chutang He Zai
You two are
This is Lord Zhao Zilong, the advanced god of war of the Dragon Kingdom
Shut up, you lunatic
Now the adults have come to apologize in person
Lord War God
I know you know right from wrong
This trash caused the trouble
But it has nothing to do with us.
Please don't kill me and my mother
Lord War God forgives his sins
If Xiaoxu has offended before
Looking forward to the sea cold
I would like to take him through
ridiculous
My adults don't care about a waste
The Li family is not your brother who flashes his might
Put away your high
otherwise
Get out of here, trash, you're courting death
For Li Chutang's sake
I don't care about you.
Call him out
I want the ancient martial arts in his hands
Dan Fang, who do you think Li Chutang is?
Protected by your call
He is nothing more than a white man
It is his honor to be summoned by the adults.
Please ask Miss Li to come out
I have something to ask for
Chu Tang is not free
Lu Ming, don't be stupid
Neuropathy, do you think we haven't hurt enough?
Crazy, how dare you talk to the god of war like that
Unaware of life and death
Lord War God suffers
Mudanfang originally wanted to dedicate it to you.
I'll ask Chu Tangjing to present it to you later.
Just a self-righteous woman
Why kowtow to him?
If you hadn't joined the Li family
It's already under my sword
I would like to offer encouragement to Dan Fang for free